Guidelines: Workflow name (#2569)
nf-core/website: src/content/docs/guidelines/pipelines/requirements/workflow_name.md

---

All nf-core pipelines should be lower case and without punctuation.
This is to maximise compatibility with other platforms.

> We prefer that names are self-descriptive towards the data or analysis type the pipeline will be using or performing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend that names are self-descriptive towards the data or analysis type the pipeline will be using or performing.
```
